add info on visualisation options (#678)
avaframe/AvaFrame: docs/Visualisation.rst

Data Visualisation
==========================

Main functions for creating visualisations of AvaFrame simulation results can be found in
:py:mod:`out3Plot` and :py:mod:`out1Peak`.

> :py:mod:`com1DFA` also offers the possibility to export data on particle properties so that
> these can be visualised using the open-source data analysis and visualisation application **ParaView**.
> In order to start analysing particle data of :py:mod:`com1DFA`, you can follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:py:mod:`com1DFA` also offers the possibility to export data on particle properties for visualisation using the open-source  application `**ParaView**<https://www.paraview.org/>`_.
In order to start analysing particle data of :py:mod:`com1DFA`, follow these steps:
```

> in your local copy of ``com1DFA/com1DFACfg.ini``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your local copy of ``com1DFA/com1DFACfg.ini``:
```

> * in section [GENERAL] add `particles` to the `resType`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *section [GENERAL]*: add `particles` to the `resType`
```

> * in section [GENERAL] set which time steps you want to save at `tSteps`
> 
> * in section [VISUALISATION] set `writePartToCSV = True` and add the particles' properties
>   you are interested in to the `particleProperties`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *section [GENERAL]*: set which time steps you want to save at `tSteps`

* *section [VISUALISATION]*: set `writePartToCSV = True` and add the particles' properties
  you are interested in to the `particleProperties`
```

in ParaView

* open the particles file located in `data/avaDir/Outputs/com1DFA/particlesCSV` - there will be one
  available for each simulation performed containing the info on all saving time steps

* apply the filter **TableToPoints** and set X, Y, Z for the X, Y, Z columns

> * switching to the **RenderView** you can now look at all the different particle properties you have saved
>   for all exported time steps
> 
> * there is also the option to save an animation over all time steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* switch to the **RenderView**:  you can look at all the different particle properties you have saved
  for all exported time steps

* it is also possible to save an animation over all time steps
```
